well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so we are back for part two if you
have not watched part one go watch it
now otherwise this is not gonna make any
sense because this has not been a normal
set of videos okay so if you've heard me
talk about this stuff before and I have
been less specific
when I say canned goods you're probably
picturing something like this if you
were talking about for six people or
even for one long-term you might want to
be thinking something a little bit
bigger number 10 cans like this food
service size if you get more bang for
your buck cans like that we're on five
to 15 bucks depending on what's in them
they have a shelf life of two to three
years you also have this as an option
number 10 can the difference is the
contents is freeze-dried or dehydrated
they cost about four times as much the
reason you may want to consider them
this can expires in twenty thirty seven
and it's not new you have shelf life of
twenty or thirty years when you're
talking about something like this so
this is something you don't have to
worry about rotating you can get enough
and just have it set in the back of the
pantry never have to worry about it
again finding these right now is
difficult they've been bought up the
companies are producing trying to catch
up there's a whole bunch of companies
that make it all of these brands are
different I'm not endorsing any
particular one right now but the you can
find them on the secondary market at a
huge markup another option
dried rice dried beans a bag like this
is like 20 bucks it has 200 servings in
it so it's I mean that that's very
cost-effective has a shelf life of two
to three years if you keep it in a cool
dry place which you should do with all
this food cool means room temperature
doesn't have to be like 40 degrees yet
another option are the buckets the
famous buckets that get hooked on a lot
of right-wing channels they're just like
the cans freeze dried or dehydrated
they're a little more expensive because
there's a wider variety of food in it
you don't suffer palate burnout eating
the same thing over and over again a
bucket like that's like a hundred bucks
for 30 days worth of breakfast something
else that people are looking for our
MREs Mills ready-to-eat rations from the
military they are also in short supply
right now and the markup on the
secondary market is huge under normal
circumstances a case should run about 60
bucks and that's 12 of them I have seen
single MREs going for $30 they're not
worth that they're not that good they
have high nutritional value they have
what you need to stay active they are
not great on your insides
and that is true for every nation's MREs
that I've ever had had ever seen
anything with the exception of the
French French soldiers not joking when I
say this will trade their MREs to
Americans so they can take ours home to
make fun of us there's have like a
little will of cheese and a canned ham
in it
fantastic ours are they look like baby
food and tastes almost as good
okay so that covers your basic food
options for being prepared if you want
to develop food stores that first list
that we went through with 600 bucks so
if you're using your stimulus check for
this you have six hundred dollars to
play with for developing food stores
some items that you may want that aren't
necessarily mandatory one of them is an
e tool it's a foldable shovel you have
these they're in surplus stores I've
actually never bought one I don't know
what they cost but it's a foldable
shovel
it's an axe it's a hammer it's a weapon
it's whatever you need I doubt they're
very expensive something else you might
want to consider is one of these it's a
ham radio understand if you don't have a
license you can't use it you can't play
with it
however in an emergency you may want to
have one if you transmit on one of these
and you don't have a license it's a
crime and the fines are actually pretty
steep but picking one of those up
they're like 30 40 bucks that one's made
by beifong I think yeah they're worth
having around especially if you have one
that allows you to program the frequency
on the front of it rather than with a
computer you obviously might want to
keep a hand-cranked FM radio just in
case something goes really really bad
okay so some free stuff some free
resources you may want number one if you
have skills the person we're using is an
example here said that he was decent
with blue-collar skills make sure you
have your hand tools because then you
become an asset you become useful you
you have something that you can do so
make sure you take those with you
now for those without training you can
go to archive.org and download survival
manuals medical manuals from the
military for free they cost nothing they
are incredibly useful the military makes
those manuals to be understood by
everybody
they have little drawings in them there
they're great they are fantastic and you
can just type in download filled manual
archive and it will bring you to a giant
list covering every topic imaginable
it's a great resource now in the
beginning I said you're gonna throw away
that bag there is a tendency among
people when they start preparing to get
military stuff that's not necessarily a
good idea that pre-packed bug-out bag
may come with like a Molly bag military
looking bag you don't necessarily want
that if you're walking around and you
have a plate carrier and you look all
kitted up and you run across somebody
who does have a lot of training and they
notice that your plate carrier is clean
that the pouches are still stiff because
it hasn't been used much and your boots
are new they're not gonna see that as
somebody who knows what they're doing
somebody who's experienced they're gonna
see that as hey free stuff it may be
better to blend in to not look like you
have anything it's probably better to
look homeless then look like somebody in
the military tried to look unimportant
your opposition might be low on ammo
that theory is called the gray man
theory if you want to read into it but
that gives everybody a rough overview
with a whole lot more specifics than
ever
on stuff that pretty much everybody
should have what we're going through now
it will happen again and your goal here
is to just write out the initial wave of
craziness you know so you don't have to
go to the store when everybody else is
panic bonding because you already have
the stuff on hand and if things go
really bad you have a good base with
which to work from you don't have to go
into building a bunker doomsday mode to
be prepared and to stay safe there's no
reason to go overboard and go crazy with
this your stimulus check can outfit
six people 1,200 bucks so yeah there's a
rough overview I'm sure there will be
questions I will try to answer as many
as I can
aside from that I really want to stress
I've made these videos before all this
happened and you know people are very
interested in it now it's a good idea
it's a good idea to to be prepared we
didn't learn anything from this the
government learned to nothing from it
they're not going to be any better
responding to the next issue you're
gonna have to take care of it yourself
the other thing I want to say is that
I'm not being compensated by any of
these brands I went out of my way to
make sure that I wasn't showcasing any
particular brand more than another one
so just it would be a good idea to at
least have 30 days worth of food put
back once all this settles down get it
together if you have the ability anyway
it's just a thought you'll have a good
night